#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via streamlit
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via streamlit
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
django==5.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dotenv==0.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.58.2
    # via matplotlib
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
idna==3.10
    # via requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbformat
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
narwhals==1.42.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   plotly
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
numpy==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plotly-express
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-express
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
patsy==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-express
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==6.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-express
plotly-express==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
pympler==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dotenv
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-express
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-express
streamlit==1.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-option-menu
streamlit-option-menu==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   streamlit
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbformat
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   ipython
    #   referencing
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
